.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to fitzRoy

This outlines how to propose a change to fitzRoy. In general, this package
follows principles from the tidyverse development world. You can see the 
detailed guidelines for contributing in the the
[**development contributing guide**](https://rstd.io/tidy-contrib).

### Fixing typos

Small typos or grammatical errors in documentation may be edited directly using
the GitHub web interface, so long as the changes are made in the _source_ file.

*  YES: you edit a roxygen comment in a `.R` file below `R/`.
*  NO: you edit an `.Rd` file below `man/`.

### Prerequisites

Before you make a substantial pull request, you should always file an issue and
make sure someone from the team agrees that it’s a problem. If you’ve found a
bug, create an associated issue and illustrate the bug with a minimal 
[reprex](https://www.tidyverse.org/help/#reprex).

### Pull request process

*  We recommend that you create a Git branch for each pull request (PR).  
*  Look at the Travis build status before and after making changes.
The `README` should contain badges for any continuous integration services used
by the package.  
*  New code should follow the tidyverse [style guide](http://style.tidyverse.org).
You can use the [styler](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=styler) package to
apply these styles, but please don't restyle code that has nothing to do with 
your PR.  
*  We use [roxygen2](https://cran.r-project.org/package=roxygen2), with
[Markdown syntax](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/roxygen2/vignettes/markdown.html), 
for documentation.  
*  We use [testthat](https://cran.r-project.org/package=testthat). Contributions
with test cases included are easier to accept.  
*  For user-facing changes, add a bullet to the top of `NEWS.md` below the
current development version header describing the changes made followed by your
GitHub username, and links to relevant issue(s)/PR(s).

### Code of Conduct

Please note that the fitzRoy project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this
project you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

adding a bunch of tidy stuff from usethis

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to fitzRoy

This outlines how to propose a change to fitzRoy. In general, this package
follows principles from the tidyverse development world. You can see the 
detailed guidelines for contributing in the the
[**development contributing guide**](https://rstd.io/tidy-contrib).

The rest of this guide is taken directly from tidyverse with some slight ammendments. 

### Fixing typos

Small typos or grammatical errors in documentation may be edited directly using
the GitHub web interface, so long as the changes are made in the _source_ file.

*  YES: you edit a roxygen comment in a `.R` file below `R/`.
*  NO: you edit an `.Rd` file below `man/`.

### Prerequisites

Before you make a substantial pull request, you should always file an issue and
make sure someone from the team agrees that it’s a problem. If you’ve found a
bug, create an associated issue and illustrate the bug with a minimal 
[reprex](https://www.tidyverse.org/help/#reprex).

### Pull request process

*  We recommend that you create a Git branch for each pull request (PR).  
*  Look at the Travis build status before and after making changes.
The `README` should contain badges for any continuous integration services used
by the package.  
*  New code should follow the tidyverse [style guide](http://style.tidyverse.org).
You can use the [styler](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=styler) package to
apply these styles, but please don't restyle code that has nothing to do with 
your PR.  
*  We use [roxygen2](https://cran.r-project.org/package=roxygen2), with
[Markdown syntax](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/roxygen2/vignettes/markdown.html), 
for documentation.  
*  We use [testthat](https://cran.r-project.org/package=testthat). Contributions
with test cases included are easier to accept.  
*  For user-facing changes, add a bullet to the top of `NEWS.md` below the
current development version header describing the changes made followed by your
GitHub username, and links to relevant issue(s)/PR(s).

### Code of Conduct

Please note that the fitzRoy project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this
project you agree to abide by its terms.
